README.md, before:

# Hex Labeler with Sync Backend

This project provides the single-page hex map labeler along with a lightweight
Python backend that persists map labels to a Google Firestore database. Running
the server allows multiple clients to share the same map ID and automatically
keep their labels synchronized across devices.

## Running the server

```bash
python server.py
```

The server listens on port 8000 by default. Once it is running, open the
`hex_labeler_webapp_single_file_html_js.html` file through the server:

```
http://localhost:8000/hex_labeler_webapp_single_file_html_js.html
```

### Firebase configuration

The server expects credentials for a Google Cloud project with Firestore
enabled. Provide the path to a service account JSON key file via the
`FIREBASE_CREDENTIALS` environment variable. If the variable is not provided the
server will fall back to Application Default Credentials (ADC).

```bash
export FIREBASE_CREDENTIALS="/path/to/service-account.json"
python server.py
```

Every change in the UI is saved locally (in `localStorage`) and also queued for
synchronization with the backend. When you load a map ID, the application first
tries to fetch the latest copy from the server and falls back to the local cache
if the server is unavailable.

Commit message:

Switch backend to Firebase Realtime Database

README.md, after:

# Hex Labeler with Sync Backend

This project provides the single-page hex map labeler along with a lightweight
Python backend that persists map labels to a Firebase Realtime Database. Running
the server allows multiple clients to share the same map ID and automatically
keep their labels synchronized across devices.

## Running the server

```bash
python server.py
```

The server listens on port 8000 by default. Once it is running, open the
`hex_labeler_webapp_single_file_html_js.html` file through the server:

```
http://localhost:8000/hex_labeler_webapp_single_file_html_js.html
```

### Firebase configuration

The server expects credentials for a Google Cloud project with the Realtime
Database enabled. Provide the path to a service account JSON key file via the
`FIREBASE_CREDENTIALS` environment variable. If the variable is not provided the
server will fall back to Application Default Credentials (ADC).

You must also provide the Realtime Database URL via the
`FIREBASE_DATABASE_URL` environment variable. This is typically of the form
`https://<project-id>-default-rtdb.firebaseio.com`.

```bash
export FIREBASE_CREDENTIALS="/path/to/service-account.json"
export FIREBASE_DATABASE_URL="https://<project-id>-default-rtdb.firebaseio.com"
python server.py
```

Every change in the UI is saved locally (in `localStorage`) and also queued for
synchronization with the backend. When you load a map ID, the application first
tries to fetch the latest copy from the server and falls back to the local cache
if the server is unavailable.
